well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about that
thing from texas
a whole bunch of other states have
signed on in support of it
trump has signed on in support of it but
if you talk to most constitutional
scholars they say it's not going to go
anywhere
even if it does jump over a couple of
hurdles the plaintiffs being texas
are not going to get the relief they're
looking for the supreme court is not
going to invalidate the votes
because i mean realistically if that's
what they are considering they're no
longer deciding about the election
they're voting on whether or not
in the united states we know it so it's
highly unlikely
that this goes anywhere but see that
brings up a question
if it's unlikely that it goes anywhere
why did it get filed and why are people
supporting it
now one theory that gets thrown out as
far as why it got filed is that the
person responsible for filing and is
kind of fishing for a pardon
because they're currently under an
indictment i mean okay
maybe that's the case time will tell i
guess
some of the people that are supporting
it
i think they're like a lot of the
american populace
they were honestly tricked by trump
some i think are uh
doing it simply because they believe it
will be politically advantageous in the
future
and i don't think that was thought all
the way through
because at some point trump's base
is going to realize they were tricked
at some point they are going to
understand
that while trump was on twitter talking
about
how he won and how they're going to win
in court and how he's going to start his
second term
that the first lady was deciding whether
or not to send their personal belongings
to mar-a-lago or trump towers
and that while she was doing that he was
out there
collecting money from his base in this
economy
that they may not understand how it
could end up being used
they may not get that and i think that
when
they figure that out they're probably
not going to be really happy
and they're probably going to hold that
against
him and well anybody who supported it or
enabled him
but there is that money that money that
may possibly end up being diverted to a
political action committee
that might explain some of the support
that he's getting there may be
politicians who are like hey
maybe i get my hands on some of that
cash
and when you look at it like that it's
uh just kind of boring
it's the normal machinery of american
politics
i mean it's not right but it's gone on
for so long that we view it as normal
it's what we have come to tolerate
and accept
just in this case
it has gone to such an extreme that it
actually poses a problem
for the very foundations of american
democracy
again i don't think this was very well
thought through
i don't think the legal pleading was
thought through because i can't
imagine the precedent being set
that state a can sue state b
based on state a's interpretation of
state b's laws in regards to the
constitution
that would open the door for legal
shenanigans for like
decades i mean it would be highly
entertaining i cannot wait to see
california's lawsuit against texas
because california doesn't really think
that under the second
texas is very well regulated
i don't believe this was thought through
and i don't think
that uh it's worth losing any sleep over
if you talk to the people who really
understand this stuff
they're saying it's not going to go
anywhere that it is highly unlikely
that it gets any traction whatsoever
so then maybe just view it
as a last ditch attempt
by a wannabe tyrant and those who would
enable him
or those who he's tricked
because when you boil it down it's the
normal machinery of american politics
taken to an extreme level
if it is worrisome perhaps it is time to
adjust
some of the normal machinery of american
politics
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day